Update information.md (#2528)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2026/sponsors/information.md

## Schedule

**SUNDAY, MAY 3**:

* 8:00am: Doors open
* 9:00am-5:00pm: Writing Day and check in
* 5:00-7:00pm: Welcome reception

**MONDAY, MAY 5**:

* 7:00am: Arrival and booth setup for Keystone/Patron sponsors
* 8:00am: Doors to venue/sponsor booths open
* 9:00am-5:00pm: Speaker Talks and Unconference
* 10:50am: Booth sponsor introductions on main stage
* 5:00-7:00pm: Evening break
* 7:00-9:00pm: Evening party at Jupiter NEXT (800 E Burnside St, 2nd floor)

**TUESDAY, MAY 6**:

* 8:15am: Keystone/Patron sponsor arrival

> * 8:30am: Doors to venue/sponsor booths open

Reviewer: @katiejano Are we changing the scheduled? I'm not really sure why these would change?

Author: I based this off of the 2026 [ROS draft](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1At1d5Wvt9bibnoMA5mdkfK9vFHvYp-RRQrnGLhnPRpY/edit?gid=850715381#gid=850715381) 

Tuesday times are later because last year the day started too early and there was feedback to have it start later so I moved it back. 

We should approve the ROS and then can make sure it's the same in the sponsor info.

Reviewer: We should definitely move the first talk on Tuesday back to 9am, I think? Then none of this needs to be updated.

* 8:30am-4:10pm: Speaker Talks and Unconference
* 4:30pm: Conference ends/load out
* 5:30pm: Out of venue 

## Conference Overview

* **SUNDAY**: The conference begins with [Writing Day](/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/schedule/) and typically is attended by one third of our attendees. The Welcome Reception takes place in the evening and brings in an additional wave of attendees. **There are no sponsor booths this day**, but sponsors are encouraged to submit and lead a Writing Day project.

> * **MONDAY**: Day 1 of Speaker Talks and Unconference. Booth setup for Keystone and Patron sponsors begins at 7:00am. Attendees begin arriving promptly at 8:00am if not before, and the remaining two thirds of attendees checking in this morning. Sponsor introductions are at 10:50am on the main stage for Keystone and Patron sponsors. The day features seven speaker talks with short breaks between each session, and the Unconference track runs in parallel. An offsite social gathering is held Monday evening.

Reviewer: We should just remove the times here, since we don't want them in 2 places where they can get out of sync.

Author: Good idea. I removed times.

* **TUESDAY**: Day 2 of Speaker Talks and Unconference. Keystone and Patron sponsor arrival is at 8:15am. Doors open at 8:30am. The day features six speakers. Schedule reflects Monday with slight adjustments to beginning and end times.

> The [full schedule](/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/schedule/) will be available here.

Reviewer: We won't update this, we shouldn't make it time-sensitive.

### Venue Layout

Our [Venue page](/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/venue/) has more information about the venue, including the location of the sponsor booths, speaker talks, and other conference spaces.

## Media Kit

Download copy and graphics from our [Media Kit](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eirqARWw8dvLgGwQDv_LN7N-b55xLRv5?usp=sharing).

This includes:

* Social media copy
* Email copy
* Event graphic
* Sponsor graphic

## Sponsorship Benefits During the Conference

Each sponsorship includes different opportunities to engage with our attendees. View further information below on specifics to sponsor booths, Writing Day, Unconference, and Lightning Talks. 

### Sponsor Booths - Keystone and Patron

Sponsor booths are setup in the main hallway on Monday and Tuesday outside of the auditorium. Attendees are always looking for great products to use in their day to day workflows, and are curious to learn more about your company.

**Logistics**:

* **WTD provides**: Each sponsor receives a 6 foot table, 2 chairs, and access to power and wifi. You must provide your own linen.
* You are responsible for loading in and loading out your entire booth setup.

> * **Sponsor provides**:
>   - Table linen
>   - Laptop/tablets/monitor to display your product
>   - Banner (confirm this fits behind a 6' table)

Reviewer: This is great 💯 

```suggestion
* **Sponsor provides**:
  - Table linen
  - Laptop/tablets to display your product - we can provide monitors for an additional fee if required
  - Banner (confirm this fits behind a 6' table)
```

Author: Updated

> * **Arrive at 7:00am for setup**: The conference venue opens at 8:00am and attendees arrive promptly. * Check in with the Sponsorship Coordinator for specific setup questions.

Reviewer: The formatting here is broken? Is the check in another item?

Author: Edited.

* **Engage with folks as both a sponsor and attendee**: This is a great opportunity to meet folks in the community, so we recommend engaging with folks in an official capacity, but also as a regular attendee.
* **Use QR codes**: QR codes are a great way to get people to a website quickly. We recommend using a service like [QR Code generator](https://www.qr-code-generator.com/>) to create these.

### Lightning Talk Sponsor

If you are sponsoring a Lightning Talk, you will be given 60 seconds to share about your company. This will occur on Monday OR Tuesday after lunch. If you want to use a slide for your introduction, let us know. Otherwise, we will create a slide with your logo.

### Participate in Writing Day

Host a project at Writing Day. This is a place where the community gathers to get actual work done and is a great opportunity to meet with a small group and have extended interaction with attendees. To create more ways for attendees to take part in Writing Day, we're expanding Sunday to include additional, shorter-format options such as workshops and discussions.

- Writing Day (half day or full day projects)
- New to GitHub workshops
- Resume Writing session

> - A pre-scheduled, discussion-based track

Reviewer: Not sure what this list is meant to communicate? I don't think sponsors are able to participate in any of this except the half-day things?

Author: Edited

**Logistics**:

* View our [Lead a Project](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/writing-day/#lead-a-project) for more information.

> * [Submit your Writing Day project here.]([https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHMZ1uXTfnT0HMm-KfsgxYV1w3tmS7bMPtBx4H9cktJpSrdg/viewform?usp=dialog](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfr5-2yJOFVjYLA2jaik8nP17nxm3fKDX6GA64SAyC14uKr1Q/viewform?usp=dialog)) All projects submitted by April 22 will be published to our website, which encourages attendees to attend, engage with your product, and contribute to your documentation.

Reviewer: This is an old link?

Author: updated

You are always welcome to introduce your project to attendees during the Writing Day introduction on Sunday morning.
* [Submit your Writing Day project here.]([https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHMZ1uXTfnT0HMm-KfsgxYV1w3tmS7bMPtBx4H9cktJpSrdg/viewform?usp=dialog](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfr5-2yJOFVjYLA2jaik8nP17nxm3fKDX6GA64SAyC14uKr1Q/viewform?usp=dialog)) All projects submitted by April 22 will be published to our website, which encourages attendees to attend, engage with your product, and contribute to your documentation.

### Unconference
### Host an Unconference Session

The Unconference provides the opportunity for sponsors and attendees to lead, contribute, share ideas, and discuss problems in an organized setting away from main stage talks.  
Host an Unconference session. This is a wonderful opportunity to lead, contribute, share ideas, and discuss problems in an organized setting with small groups of people.

**Logistics**:

* Sessions are 40 minutes in length on Monday and Tuesday.

> * We will confirm your time slot with you before the conference begins.

Reviewer 2: This feels a little left hanging. Should we something more along the lines of "let us know in advance if you plan to run an unconference session so we can confirm a suitable timeslot for you"?

Reviewer: Yea, we definitely don't want to have any responsibilities there.

Author: This was in here from last year but I don't believe we've had anyone utilize this (that I know of). I like how you wrote that @plaindocs

Author: Updated

## Media Kit

Download copy and graphics from our [Media Kit](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eirqARWw8dvLgGwQDv_LN7N-b55xLRv5?usp=sharing).

This includes:

* Social media copy
* Email copy
* Event graphic
* Sponsor graphic

## Sponsorship Benefits During the Conference

Each sponsorship includes different opportunities to engage with our attendees. View further information below on specifics to sponsor booths, Writing Day, Unconference, and Lightning Talks. 

### Sponsor Booths - Keystone and Patron

Sponsor booths are setup in the main hallway on Monday and Tuesday outside of the auditorium. Attendees are always looking for great products to use in their day to day workflows, and are curious to learn more about your company.

**Logistics**:

* **WTD provides**: Each sponsor receives a 6 foot table, 2 chairs, and access to power and wifi. You must provide your own linen.
* You are responsible for loading in and loading out your entire booth setup.
* **Sponsor provides**:
  - Table linen
  - Laptop/tablets/monitor to display your product - WTD can provide monitors for an additional fee if required
  - Banner (confirm this fits behind a 6' table)

> * **Arrive at 7:00am for setup**: The conference venue opens at 8:00am and attendees arrive promptly. Sponsorship Coordinator will send load-in instructions closer to the conference.

Reviewer: What are we expecting to send here? We don't have a specific thing we've sent in the past.

Author: Do you send an email the week of the conference?

### How should I send my booth materials?

* Keystone and Patron sponsors are allowed to send **3 boxes at 24"x18"x18"** in size. Please contact us for the shipping address for an organizer, as the venue doesn't accept packages.
* Packages must arrive between April 27 and May 1.
* Sponsors are responsible for all sponsorship materials after they arrive at the venue. 
* Sponsors are responsible for mailing all materials after the conference. 
* Please print your return shipping labels prior to coming to the venue to send your materials back.

> * **All materials must be out of the venue by 6:00pm on Tuesday.**

Reviewer: This is different than the times above?

Author: Corrected.
